README.md, before:

# App Store Connect Swift SDK
The Swift SDK to work with the App Store Connect API from Apple.

# Kickstart information on the API
- [Official Apple Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appstoreconnectapi)
- WWDC 2018 Talk [Automating App Store Connect](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2018/303/)
- [App Store Connect API adoption with use case examples](https://www.avanderlee.com/general/app-store-connect-api-adoption/)

# Included in this SDK
- [ ] Get started section in the readme
- [ ] SDK Setup with API Key
- [ ] TestFlight API implementation
- [ ] Users and Roles implementation
- [ ] Sales and Finances implementation

## Communication

- If you **found a bug**, open an [issue](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/issues).
- If you **have a feature request**, open an [issue](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/issues).
- If you **want to contribute**, submit a [pull request](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/pulls).

## License

**App Store Connect Swift SDK** is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

Added extra information on API access in the readme

README.md, after:

# App Store Connect Swift SDK
The Swift SDK to work with the App Store Connect API from Apple.

## Kickstart information on the API
- [Automate your workflow with the App Store Connect API](https://developer.apple.com/app-store-connect/api/)
- [Official Apple Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appstoreconnectapi)
- WWDC 2018 Talk [Automating App Store Connect](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2018/303/)
- [App Store Connect API adoption with use case examples](https://www.avanderlee.com/general/app-store-connect-api-adoption/)

## Included in this SDK
- [ ] Get started section in the readme
- [ ] SDK Setup with API Key
- [ ] TestFlight API implementation
- [ ] Users and Roles implementation
- [ ] Sales and Finances implementation

## Requesting API Access
To request access, go to the new API Keys section in Users and Access in App Store Connect. Please note that you must be the Team Agent (Legal role) of a development team enrolled as an organization. Access for developers enrolled as an individual is coming soon.

## Communication

- If you **found a bug**, open an [issue](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/issues).
- If you **have a feature request**, open an [issue](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/issues).
- If you **want to contribute**, submit a [pull request](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/pulls).

## License

**App Store Connect Swift SDK** is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/AvdLee/appstoreconnect-swift-sdk/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more info.
